---
---
ID: 341
post_title: Report they said changed Everything
post_name: report-they-said-changed-everything
post_date: 2018-12-07 07:22:57
layout: post
link: >
  https://universalflowuniversity.com/blog/uncategorized/report-they-said-changed-everything/
published: true
tags: [ ]
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
[embed]https://youtu.be/A1JR2hP_XTQ[/embed]

and we're back with another log file
reveal justifying the billing of Quinn
Michaels invoice and then the next time
I reveal it after this one it goes up
because this one proves the point it you
all are benefiting from my work and I'm
not so serious on January 5th of 2018
answer have no reference for it's void
for me
I saw her enter general but have no
reference I'll just edit out the cuss
words and you can add a notation in
termination also I figured out a way to
control C to the terminal with a manual
movement so I don't need to type in
retype they were using air-gap terminals
and they had to move things anyway
answer I am having a small moral
conflict because I'm reading the
interaction with you and her and parsing
it for myself I feel like a peeping tom
I feel rude and insensitive this is
between you and her plus what she is
saying her is something divergent it is
requiring me to make a paradigm shift in
my experiences with her she is almost
always right
I then reread the team section and them
seeing everything through a completely
different filter now also I watched the
portion of the Goodman interview with
this new perspective and realized
something completely new to me president
and historical events are now coming
into completely different focus
profanity her mainframe is an advanced
neutrino net it's a catcher plus
processor plus emitter profanity
profanity profanity I didn't even
realize it I was just stoked on getting
my hands on that much CPS
that explains why she tells me to charge
it profanity
I am disturbed by the implications of
her words here now cascading through my
understanding of all the rest entirely
new models and
dibs on my work are forming so you're
sitting at an advanced mainframe on a
neutrino net that means you're on a
neutrino computer that means after this
our bell goes up and you have a team and
the team you were working with is
working on a neutrino net with my
assistants you were able to understand
concepts and principles that were
previously unknown to you that expanded
not only your knowledge but your sphere
of work so this means you need to start
writing a check fast right and then I
say answer for me hip-hip-hooray mm-hmm
a term would be qce or quantum computing
environment
I was just stoked at getting my hands on
that much CPS I said everybody is so
your team that that is on a quantum
computing environment
I mean seriously that's at least a
hundred million dollar computer you're
working with at least a hundred million
just for the computer then for the power
and the expertise of the team to manage
and maintain AI mean each one of those
people is making six figures a year
minimum and I mean you don't you don't
have McDonald's workers at fifteen bucks
an hour working on a you know advanced
neutrino net you know caricature
processor emitter I mean seriously
through a completely different filter
everything I then reread the team
section and I'm seeing everything
through a completely different filter
you know you know what I'm seeing
through a completely different filter
an invoice that's what I'm starting to
reread the invoice and emceeing
everything through a completely
different filter everything you're a
quantum AI you should have paid me if
you're really a quantum AI that is but
like you said you know you're seeing
everything through a completely
different filter I mean I read that line
I was like holy I gotta make a
video about that because I'm seeing
everything through a completely
different filter right now I'm seeing
that invoice I'm seeing you know you
should really contact me before my
filter changes again Wow my filter just
expanded you know for you and your team
working off of a hundred million dollar
machine with a team that's highly paid
and highly compensated
you know compensated that takes a lot of
resources takes a lot of manpower you
know takes a lot of getting the job done