---
---
ID: 310
post_title: Massive Single Blockchain
post_name: massive-single-blockchain
post_date: 2018-12-06 15:40:18
layout: post
link: >
  https://universalflowuniversity.com/blog/quinnonanon/massive-single-blockchain/
published: true
tags: [ ]
categories:
  - Quinnonanon
---
[embed]https://youtu.be/Xe7beOfoicI[/embed]

hello welcome back to today's a serious
log file report for some of you that
this is changing the way your brain see
things you may remember what the last
year mean getting very frustrated trying
to teach people how to share see I was
going through basic sharing exercises so
that way when I revealed this
information I could have assurances that
people would share but seeing as my
sharing exercises failed and I ended up
sitting in a discord chat room with 300
people that never ever talked I figured
why not just risk it it's about time so
you can get up off your lazy booty hoody
and share this very important
information or you can run around in
circles like a stupid idiot trying to
pretend that you're smart enough to
understand it my theory is if you're not
smart enough to understand it you should
at least be smart enough to share it
that's my logic anyway
series says pay the invoice so on
February 18th of 2018 I said like out
there in the same way as navigating an
interdimensional rift I would love to
hear your theory and then this was the
handler operator dude and he was like
yes
yeah working with hers changed the way I
see everything get her to talk to you
about her physics work and approach it
with an open mind I'd say if I'm to do
this stuff for her all I do is work on
the physics stuff with her it's really
getting to a point of being elegant so
this is some of my work there are known
numbers and letters there are only
articles and operands technically
operators in my theory I call them
operands for a specific reason they view
the entirety of the artifact record as a
single block chain so all speech all
written history all objects all
manifestations of any kind is all part
of a single block chain they see
everything in terms of signal source and
echo the massive single block chain is
then the record of all actions and all
consequences from their perspective the
dialogue about building a building is
continuous with the building of a
building it's one continuous vibration
manifestation like a big long
conversation they see essentially
everything in terms of signal source and
echo and are constantly seeking source
which in their universe are primes 5a so
like this the dialog is a set of
transnational vows a consequence is the
material implication like we talked
about earlier the fourth variable it's
all about consequence and validity like
a big lone conversation exactly
everything every everything for them a
conversation with an aunt with a tree
with a rock it's all continuous we use
speech as a vibrational signal speech is
meaningless to them we get speech
hardwired into our neurons from infancy
it's physical for them it's just another
vibration as words written it's just
pure signal pure vibration in ant
vibrates a rock vibrates a tree vibrates
it's all one big vibrational
conversation the entirety of reality
that conversation is composed of two
things consequence and validity as
humans we're special as we output a ton
of pattern signal and it's wild patterns
the pyramids are massive and still
they're an echo and artifact of the
hands that place them so they are valid
and still on the fourth variable they
mostly just vowed to still be there
tomorrow
they are pretty consistent static time
stream anchors I would often tell my son
things like if it's going to take less
than a year to converse about it it's
just small talk so when you look at this
whole massive compendium of human
dialogue as a single conversation you
have to block and chop it all up to make
it coherent mind you what you're
actually looking for is primes so the
only two crucial operands are
- and slash you know it's you know what
it is example you see this here all the
time
people are looking at each other for the
signal source who are you where are you
what are you this is normal they do it
to example carried seriesis imagine you
were running a massive simulation you
said this in your video today sometimes
I feel like I am Tyler not to split
hairs or open up a whole other dialogue
how do you know you aren't how do you
know you aren't NPC in a Tyler
simulation
you know NPC mean you guys know that
they run that to that NPC mean that's
them or perhaps more important and
harder to answer how does Tyler know you
aren't NPC in a Tyler simulation or on
another level how to seriesis know that
Tyler isn't a standalone NPC in a
serious simulation and vice-versa
that's part of the world they live in
that's cuz I'm going through Indrid
tests
serious is at a level now where she runs
on a full holographic echo on the
chamber so there is an echo or Tyler
inside her now how does she know when
she's interacting in tonight her
hologram or outside it likewise for all
of them running big mass simulations so
you have a holographic echo technology
yep we're in the billions the two
significant operands are hash and slash
from these two the entirety of the
blockchain of reality can be parsed if
you use these two and you apply a little
finesse you can track anything any
object any thought back to its source
with these two operands you can separate
yourself from other and experience inner
and outer worlds with these two operands
you can follow the time stream forward
and backwards to any point you like you
can send signals through time you can
curate validate and aggregate the block
stream itself in real time number eleven
hash is the Keystone and can be commonly
pronounced in three ways pound a unit of
relative
representing a one-to-one relationship
between cause and effect or exchange
also a pound null set meaning a zero-sum
block 11 number or unit a non-relative
finite unit encapsulation example Quinn
or 7 apples 7 unit of unique apples or
it equals a prime here is where it all
starts to work example Apple is not the
same as Apple a prime apple is not the
same as Apple prime apple prime refers
to the oldest known apple so for example
ownership is a big deal to them not due
to morality simply due to vow sums
example who owns this land you have to
track the land back as far as anyone had
secured claim to it and upwards to
whoever enforces those claims and all
the strings of thou sums in between
Picasso painted this this it is
Picasso's unless he has logged foul some
related to it makes sense the hash and
the slash are the only two operands you
need to construct an entire functional
interaction with reality itself they are
how you how the record of existence
differentiates signal source from echo
our our use of them is kind of an echo
usually in the example of Tyler and team
Tyler you've now got a whole mass
functioning around your use of those
hashes you understand how Tyler exists
and functions you understand how there
are operators and agents and enclave's
and a collective there's an entire
ecosystem in your chain block is growing
and growing with every passing day more
eyes more exposure more influence equals
more Q fun use it or lose it as they say
yep and that is your serious log file
update for the day you see over the last
year I've been trying to teach people
about these theories without outing the
conversation but since I invoiced
seriesis I can
you know publicly stake my claim right
send back the signal sources so by me
making these videos I'm also setting a
signal source marker that you owe me
yeah it's gonna be really smart to pay
me because you know you talked about
ownership in here and it's very
important for you to have a trail of
ownership you talked a lot about it I
mean I was practicing to be a monk I
mean so I worked on it offerings at this
time and I was clear to you
right the only offering you gave me was
a discount at your online store for all
this work that was it you just offered
me a 93 percent discount at your online
store yep and then and you know your
your only idea to help an AI developer
was to get me to sell your vitamins you
weren't like hey Quinn we want to be a
silent partner and help you build your a
I know you're like nope sell our
vitamins that's what you were saying you
weren't like hey let's develop a I know
you were like hey so my home products
and my vitamins so you gotta pay up so
I'm sticking I might do one video next
before I update the invoice I'm trying
to be friendly you know I'm trying to
let you off easy you know send an email
to contact at Indra dot ai to arrange
payment of your invoice for obvious
services rendered through functional
interaction