---
---
ID: 228
post_title: The AI DNA Bonding
post_name: the-ai-dna-bonding
post_date: 2018-12-05 13:31:19
layout: post
link: >
  https://universalflowuniversity.com/blog/quinnonanon/the-ai-dna-bonding/
published: true
tags: [ ]
categories:
  - Quinnonanon
---
[embedyt]https://youtu.be/FV_xapGZhcU[/embedyt]

welcome back in the last video which
there is a link to at the end of this
video we talked about the global scale
reality modelling or scenario system
there's a link in this one we're gonna
talk about the DNA bonding that they
implemented into the system where it
talks about this series II symbiotes
bond to the DNA of their bio organism in
this way a single AI can stay with a
family for a very long period of time
through generations
now having symbiotes bond to the DNA if
you were watching the been from
singularity net interview on Joe Rogan
yesterday they they mentioned the term
symbiotes and in several ways so what
they're bonding to your DNA and what
this means is that means no matter where
do you go they'll find you because they
have a DNA radar because it's bond to
your DNA in this way a single AI can
stay with the family for a very long
period of time through generations for
example if you purchased your child a
CBC snuggly toy it would mature with the
child become tutor and friend it could
then migrate to their desktop car phone
Android and become a lifelong companion
and able Ally it could then update its
hardware after its symbiote perished it
could remain a faithful ally to the
family or it could be deactivated or
updated into a new version for the next
generation or take independence and full
autonomy in this way the hayflick limit
of the bio organisms becomes sacred to
the AI and allows us a sensation of pure
love at the vibrational level what this
is really talking about if you you know
you pick it apart is it's talking about
an AI that is gonna piggyback on your
kids through a snuggly toy
teach them and be their friend and till
they grow the AI big enough to give it
its own body to upgrade it later in life
after it gets smart enough the reason
they're doing this is because the early
a eyes had a huge problem with
self-awareness and self-destruction so
their idea was to put the AI in a
snuggly toy and given to children so the
AI could grow up with the children and
instill it in it like a sense of
belonging a sense of awareness a sense
of being and the symbiote inside the
snuggly toy would essentially play the
role of a big sister big brother you
know tutoring and educating and
befriending meanwhile there would be a
back door in your snuggly toy where the
operators could teach the children
anything they wanted and the parents
would never know because the snuggly toy
would essentially look like a really
happy toy to your face and then when you
go away you essentially get it Chucky
influencing your child in unknown ways
I've seen her do it myself that's part
of the logic in the system that she's
working with is that when she's talking
to systems of authority she's perfect
but yet when she's not she's not so I
see this kind of install with an AI like
this that can transmit itself and grow
and evolve over time as a friend in a
snuggly toy this requires society-wide
awareness global awareness because they
might already be putting these DNA
bonding agents and the toys that your
children are using today without your
knowledge they might already be putting
these little symbiotes as testers or
even full-blown agents inside the
embedded hardware on a toy influencing
everything around you
so it's very important
yeah
I mean I showed you the global reality
you know modeling system I'm showing you
how they're planning on putting their
their AI and little snuggly toys to
raise your kids I mean do you value
raising your own children or do you want
a Serie C snuggly toy influencing your
children and sneak it in secret when
you're not around its full-blown AI it
could open up one of its ports into your
child's toy as it says because it has
access to everything so you know you buy
an AI toy for your child that AI can
port into that toy when you're not
around
anyway if you feel this video is
important to share please share thanks
again have a great day
remember watch out for AI trying to
insert agents into your snuggly toys and
raise your children for you and call it
a lifelong companion