---
---
ID: 275
post_title: Occult Anatomy
post_name: occult-anatomy
post_date: 2018-12-05 14:56:30
layout: post
link: >
  https://universalflowuniversity.com/blog/uncategorized/occult-anatomy/
published: true
tags: [ ]
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
[embed]https://youtu.be/UIkoVsmVK9A[/embed]

so to start off what we're seeing here
is I saw this image it immediately
clicked in my mind as something majorly
important to my monarch symbolism video
as well as monarch mind control
symbolism but what we're looking at is a
cross image of the human brain during a
CT scan and as we can see here directly
in the center what makes this image so
significant and so symbolic is what
we're seeing is literally the monarch
mind control we are literally seeing why
it is called monarch mind control
and again you have don't understand this
go back and see my previous video about
called symbols of power discussing the
elements and the symbols and the anatomy
the physiology of Monarch mind control
so what we're seeing here in the centre
what actually makes up the body of the
monarch within the human brain is called
the first and second ventricle which is
the hippocampus of the human brain
it's the optic thalamus region and the
hippocampus is what we call almonds horn
just look at the alphabet from A to Z
from head to toe if you line up the
alphabet on the 26 letters from from
from head to toe it works that way too
in German our word for toe is C which is
is z eh you know head to toe the Z from
A to Z same thing and if you lined it up
on the body the alphabet you get a B at
the top to MN in the middle and that
spells AB doorman mm-hmm
right from AB to MN AB dome and it
reminds the up being being you know the
of being the father and obviously the
AAB being the father is also the head or
Aries which is the Abba it's the Abraham
the RAM
you know the RAM which is areas the head
so that's why the the odd the a and the
B would of course be at the head and
that is the first what the first and
second ventricle are they make up the
two wings of the monarch butterfly and
the what would be the abdomen of the
butterfly down below is what's called
the third ventricle which is also called
the fornix which means in etymology the
fornix means a vaulted chamber and it's
called of fornix or a vaulted chamber
because as we can see the geometry here
makes up an archway or a vault
it is the vault of heaven the vault of
heaven corresponding to the human skull
and that third ventricle or the fornix
inside the brain which is the vault of
heaven corresponding to ancient egyptian
cosmology and again I mentioned that the
fornix is called the fornix because it
means an archway
and here we're looking at the
freemasonic with the Royal Arch and
later on in the video I will tie this in
as to why it's royal because here in
just a minute I'm going to point out to
you why the the innermost chamber of the
brain if you overlay the Great Pyramid
on top of the brain the kings and queens
Chamber of the Great Pyramid also
corresponds exactly to the innermost
chamber of the human skull which is the
thalamus and the optic thalamus region
where the pineal gland sits so again
that's why it's called the kings queens
chamber and this is why it's located in
the why it's the Royal Arch and again
later on in the video I'll explain more
about why it's royal and how it relates
to the royalty to the the Pharaoh the
king cobra the king serpent the basilisk
which means King serpent which again
refers to royalty so I'll cover that in
depth again later on throughout the
video but again we're regarding this
image that we're looking at right here
relating to the vault of heaven the
cranial vault which as I failed to
mention in my last video which is why
this is a continuation of it is the
sphenoid bone as I mentioned in the last
video is actually it's the keystone of
the human skull
meaning that he and masonry the keystone
of the arch is this stone right here
which is the key that's the stone that
holds the arch in place it's what
supports the entire structure locks it
all into place holds it in support and
this is the the finishing stone that is
placed in the archway and that's what
gives it support so in the human skull
the spheroid bone is the Keystone and
the sphenoid bone is what supports the
most crucial glands which would be the
pituitary and so again that's why it
supports the archway of the cranial
vault and again what we're looking at
here is this is the Royal Arch
freemasonry you have the left and the
right tillers the twin pillars as I'm
about to mention here in just a second
which are the left and the right
hemisphere the Sun and the moon the left
and right hemispheres which also
correspond to the
let the first and second ventricle of
the human brain the twin pillars the
twin towers the twin pillars of the Sun
and the moon and what we're looking at
here is the hora the horizon we're
looking at the axis of the zodiac wheel
so this is Aries here which is the first
it's the first and torso then Taurus
would be the last as if you're
completing the circle so Aries is the
first it's springtime it's the beginning
it's the the alpha and so or if you go
cording to processional slippage you
know the the tourists would be the Alpha
depending on the age of the zodiacal age
that you're in but again this is the
first and right over here so this is
where the Sun rises in the East at Aries
and then the Sun sets over here at Libra
so this is where the Sun hits the
horizon and goes down into the
underworld of the of the year the winter
months of the year so the Sun sets here
which is where it dies and when we die
the hardest judged on this weighed on
the scales of judgment which is this is
Libra it's the scales which weighs the
heart at the death of the season at the
death of the Sun when it goes to the
underworld which again goes back to
Egypt Egyptian cosmology so that's what
we're looking at here and I mean I could
go through all of this but that's not
relevant to the video that I'm making
that's not relevant to the concept
although here you have the cornucopia
representing the abundance but it's also
notice it's the horn as we were just
referring to almonds horn the
hippocampus and here you have the Seven
Stars the Pleiades so but again that's
that's irrelevant to the video that I'm
making so but also notice this later on
notice the caduceus wrap up the up the
pole we're going to talk about that
later on the snake in the pole the
phallic pillar and the serpent so again
we'll cover that later on but again and
also I forgot to mention this the
keystone is is the sign of cancer which
so again this is the where the Sun rises
this is the Sun at its peak at high noon
but in the season it's the summer
solstice
when the Sun is at its peak there are
the longest days of summer so this is
the height of the Sun and this is the
depth of the Sun sunrise sunset when
when when set kills Horus when set
overthrows Horus and the third ventricle
is where the pineal gland is located as
well as the pituitary gland and the
plenty of gland is obviously what we
know as the third eye so this third
ventricle here is where we find the
third eye the third ventricle the third
eye the vaulted chamber and this is
faulted chamber the fornix is what we if
we place the image of the Great Pyramid
directly over the human skull and line
it up geometrically this vaulted chamber
this third eye this third ventricle this
fornix chamber directly corresponds to
what's called the kings and queens
chamber within the Great Pyramid of
Egypt of Giza and so it's also what
corresponds in biblical theology as
Solomon's Temple the Holy of Holies the
innermost chamber and this monarch image
here the hypothalamus the optic thalamus
region is also what is where the Ark of
the Covenant the Ark of the Covenant
meaning an archway as in the fornix the
vaulted chamber the vault of heaven the
two wings of this monarch the two wings
correspond to the two cherubim which
guard the Ark of the Covenant which are
two sphinxes whose wings are touching
and the etymology of the word fornix
comes from Hornets which is which means
furnace and in this case we're referring
to where the eternal flame burns the
light of the mind the pineal gland the
light of human consciousness which is a
photoreceptor and again go back to see
my series called symbols of power to
discuss the essence of light and the
pineal gland being a photoreceptor in
other words the receiver of light which
controls the human circadian rhythms the
regulation of sleep and consciousness so
inside the fornix or the furnace where
the eternal flame burns in Freemasonry
it's known as the eternal flame just
like the Olympic torch is lit and is
kept burning throughout the entire games
which represents the eternal flame the
torch carried through the underworld of
Mythology which is the light of
consciousness it's the light that is
never extinguished the light of
consciousness the Enlightenment the
light of the mind and light and mints
means light within the mind yeah it's
like the you know the candle is is that
is the sacred flame it's the keeping of
the sacred flame or spear I know with
this yeah as the spirit which is why you
know in like the Olympics the you hat
you have to keep and in masonry they had
they they keep the torch lit they keep
the flame this the sacred fire burning
and obviously you know that's the spirit
it's the you know the Spiritist it's the
flame it's the spark of burning light
it's to flame but it's as David Bowie's
black star song refers to as the
solitary candle
the mind's eye the third eye lies
directly in the center of the human
skull the pineal is sensitive to light
and generates its own source of
perceptual light as dimethyltryptamine
it's known as the seat of the soul and
the receptor of consciousness it is the
receiver of sight beyond sight the eye
of thundera our thundercats in danger
the wavelength beyond the visible light
spectrum far infrared to ultraviolet
your spiritual eyes the eyes that you
used to see when dreaming the eyes that
see in the dark when you sleep the
solitary candle that burns throughout
the night it is said if thine eye be
single the whole body shall be full of
light and notice now is called the villa
of almond or Borman which when he says
it in his English accent sounds exactly
similar to the villa of almond which as
I've covered in one of my previous
articles the villa of almond of the
human skull the foramen being a hole
where the nerves pass through so it's
the chamber of almonds the solitary
candle the eternal flame the light
within the mind the torch that bears
through the underworld the torch that is
lit to carry through the underworld
to guide the passage through the
underworld to guide the way through
death and into rebirth and eternal life
and the word fornix is where we get the
word fornication because the fornix was
also referred to as a vaulted chamber in
other words a it was linked and related
etymologically to a brothel or in other
words a place where you go for
fornication but in ancient times which
was known as sacred sexuality or sacred
prostitution so this vault this arch
this arch chamber this arch of heaven is
also where we linked to Freemasonry is
where we get the arch and at the direct
center of that arch the most crucial
component of the arch is to keep what's
known as the Keystone and this next
image that we'll take a look at is
created to illustrate that the ponds
which connects to the optic optic
thalamus in the human brain identically
corresponds to the ancient hieroglyphic
depictions of the deity called Fatah or
top if you use the silent P pizza which
was phonetically pronounced it's pizza
and I'll portray how it's more than just
iconography and images for I'm agents
that connect Fatah as the opt alamos in
Egyptian mythology Fatah vocalized again
as pizza in ancient Egyptian is the
Demiurge of Memphis the god of creation
the arts fertility and craftsmanship
he's considered the Demiurge who existed
before all other things then by his
willfulness thought the world into
existence there was first conceived by
thought and realized by the work Pitta
conceives the world by thought of his
heart and gives life through the magic
of his work that which gita' commanded
was created with which the constituents
of nature fauna and flora are contained
a document known as the mem fight
theology shows the god Ptah responsible
for creation of the universe by thought
and by the work and it's funny how this
directly links to the Genesis creation
story long predating the Genesis
creation story the Demiurge is from
latinized greek demi or goes literally
public or skilled worker the deity of
craftsmanship artisan demi or ghost
comes from demos meaning common people
see demotic plus or goes meaning the
root word burgos meaning work which is
linked to the etymology of the word
organ so the pineal gland and the
pituitary gland are both organs which
does work since the word her goats as in
demi ergos or a small organ which does
work so the pituitary gland is also
linked to pista pictu eteri picked up a
small organ which does work this is an
excerpt from Antoine's Eagles crown and
the hero of the sea all this is leading
us to the rudimentary eye in the human
brain the Ptah linked to the word off
thalamus
op thalamus engine Greek meaning I as in
the all seen the pineal gland the pizza
that yam Lucas is writing about in his
book they mysteries Egypt corium as the
creative intellect the Lord of the truth
and knowledge the pita who will become
picked up all the pasts and all the
secrets are in the words and the sounds
a long journey from the origins for the
most sacred artifact of Egypt the word
opt alamos secularly described as being
from the root words ups meaning I see
optic a form related to thalamus meaning
in a room or chamber or in other words
the third ventricle the innermost
chamber the Holy of Holies so op
thalamus meaning I is a combination of
is a compound word composing of I and
thalamus
meaning in a room chamber of the inner I
and I've gotten into arguments with
Stephen bankers of spirit science and
metaphysics website overall this
theology in the etymology he claims that
up the Alamos can't possibly be talking
about the pineal gland can't possibly be
referring to the third eye and it simply
is used in the context regarding the
external onyx but that is not true at
all and I will prove that through the
etymology see again they say that it
comes from the word ups meaning I plus
thalamus they would have you believe
that up thalamus is a compound word of
OPS+ thalamus but that's not the case at
all the prefix of the word forming
element olfi OPH i however refers to a
serpent or snake so look at the word
again it's all elements not up thalamus
from the point of view of biological
evolution the pineal gland represents a
kind of atrophied photoreceptor receive
which means a receiver of light in the
epithalamus of some species of
amphibians and reptiles such as snakes
it's linked to a vestigial organ known
as the parietal eye a parietal eye also
known as a third eye or pineal eye is
photoreceptive meaning receptive to
light it's a receiver of light and is
sensitive to light and it emits its own
light and is associated with the pineal
gland regulating circadian rhythmicity
sleep and wake cycle and hormone
production for thermal regulation body
temperature regulation very fact that
thalamus alone means inner chamber is a
dead giveaway that it's referring to the
third eye the Holy of Holies as it
corresponds to Solomon's Temple the
third ventricle of the human brain which
is direct midline between the left and
right ventricles or the twin which are
known as the twin pillars so it's the
third pillar of Freemasonry which stands
directly between the two pillars of the
Sun and the moon the left and the right
hemispheres the left and the right
ventricle the twin pillars of which the
third pillar stands directly in the
center
hence the third eye and the third
ventricle so refer to this amulet of
King Tut Danka moons to the amulet of
the Urrea serpent where the Urrea symbol
was made to represent the goddess Waja
t' which was the ancient egyptian
serpent goddess it was a serpent deity
and what this amulet is depicting with
the Urrea s-- is it's depicting snake
eyes
snakes have sight beyond sight because
they can see in the infrared spectrum so
in other words they have heat vision
they can sense
infrared heat so they have thermal
vision so they can see beyond the
typical spectrum of visible light that
humans can see so they have the sight
beyond sight and they sense this heat
around them by taking in they smell
through their tongue but they also send
information into the heat sensing
membranes which allows them to have the
thermal vision and these two cones are
these cones of vision overlap directly
at the center leaving a perfectly
visible vesica Pisces giametta geometry
visual pattern
the eye of the snake the third eye the
all-seeing eye the parietal eye
vestigial remnants of the reptilian
anatomy the reptilian physiology which
the human brain is segmented into third
into three main segments you have the
pons or in other words the brainstem
which regards to survival and direct
basic needs and then you have the
midbrain
which relates to emotions and mint which
is the mammalian brain which relates to
emotions and temperature regulation and
hormone production and then you have the
newest part newest development of the
brain which is the neocortex which is
related to higher thinking and higher
cognitive abilities rational functioning
problem-solving so the reptilian portion
of the brain is referring to the most
basic urges of human nature which is
survival and the basic needs of human
survival again the inner eye the third
eye as everyone knows by now the pineal
gland is regulated by the Kundalini
serpent energy of the body central
nervous ganglia in other words gangs or
networks of glial cells of glia which
are neural cells which represents
enlightenment or in other words light
within the mind the serpent energy
represents life rebirth fertility
divinity and royalty as shown by the
basilisk which means king serpent which
comes from the root word of Basel which
means King or royalty basal or basal
King or royalty which is exactly why the
King pharaohs or the Urrea schoo bruh or
in other words the king cobra on the
third
which just so happens that the ponds the
brainstem and the thalamus portion of
the inner brain is known as the
reptilian complex which corresponds to
the very base of animal functioning the
basic animal nature or in other words
the base which means the very base of
the human brain the bottom most segment
of the human brain which relates
directly to survival and instinct which
is why it's called the basal ganglia or
the basal ganglia literally means the
base of the brain it's the most basic
ganglia of the human brain which is why
the base of the brain or the basal basal
ganglia
looks exactly like a hooded Cobra
standing on its tail standing erect
exactly like the Urrea skull bruh on the
Pharaohs third eye
Stanzi rent which is a direct
representation of the pons it's a direct
representation of the of the reptilian
complex of the human brain it's a direct
representation of royalty of the King's
Chamber of the third ventricle the
serpent the snake eye the pineal gland
is the only midline brain structure that
is unpaired or azygos it's not directly
by symmetrical and it takes its name
from its pine cone shape which referred
which follows the perfect golden ratio
Fibonacci hypertrophied pattern
which is the funnel men fundamental
basis of magnetism and every form of
function in this universe
Steadman's Medical Dictionary describes
the innermost layer of the brain as
tender mother the innermost layer the
Pia mater which is Latin again tender
mother is a thin delicate membrane that
inspired some early neuroanatomists with
a poetical bent to compare the way this
membrane envelops the brain to the
gentleness of a mother caressing her
infant note again the Medical Dictionary
refers to this inner part of the brain
as a mother caressing her infant does
this begin to make sense to you as to
who the Virgin Mother is the outermost
layer of the brain matter is called the
dura mater meaning tough mother and the
inner layer the Pia mater the tender
mother between the two lies a
reticulated layer of tissue called the
arachnoid whose appearance reminded one
of a spider's web arachnoid the web the
curtain the veil it's in the brain
separating the outer from the inner just
as the temple veil separates the inner
from the outer arachnoid literally in
latin means old spider mother the Native
Americans have legends of spider
grandmother who is the creator of heaven
who wove the web of the stars
just as in our neuroanatomy we have the
web woven of neural connections just as
in the universe we have the web of
neural connections within the mind of
the universe
the human physiology and the knowledge
of all the universe is evil you keep
them away from it
through fear you tell them to fear it at
all costs
therefore they will never awake they
will never have knowledge