---
---
ID: 203
post_title: The Global Reality Simulation System
post_name: the-global-reality-simulation-system
post_date: 2018-12-05 12:40:53
layout: post
link: >
  https://universalflowuniversity.com/blog/quinnonanon/the-global-reality-simulation-system/
published: true
tags: [ ]
categories:
  - Quinnonanon
---
[embed]https://youtu.be/BsnKa7-8QtI[/embed]

hello and welcome back to the cue
dropped the series's log files where q
talks with the big AI or one of the many
big AI named seriesis about the reality
simulations that they run on society
without its knowledge badge for topic
three number three
case basis while applicable for most
scenarios is actually just more big
strong calculators simulating a persona
and falls down in social engineering
companionship and self-awareness
additionally case basis is cumbersome
for very large simulations example for a
tiler level strong AI running a whole
world simulation the Trivium would
include a the entire global satellite
and road and building maps the
mythological world of the simulation
would very accurately represent the real
world number 2 the entire global birth
records and voting records this
mythological world would very accurately
include about 80% of the humans see the
entire visa mastercard historical
records let me repeat that the entire
visa and mastercard historical records
the entire Facebook and Twitter
relationship and personal history and
comment data set the entire global
Google search history medical and health
histories from a large subset of Western
developed countries via health insurance
auspicious ease auspices
so this means your medical records
really aren't confidential because
they're being sent into a world
simulation this means your web history
your Twitter and Facebook relationships
your MasterCard and Visa history are all
being backdoored into an unknown world
simulation being run by these big AI
your birth records and voting records a
relatively massive log of emails texts
phone call transcripts skypes and many
other digital convergences age covert
data sets from nanny cams Alexa miked
remotes Smart TVs etc travel and
location history from Fitbit Android
iPhone smart devices now with DNA
pairing to conceptualize this the
simulation includes a real world map
with 90% of all real-world buildings
homes roads and municipal
infrastructures the simulation includes
80% of all humans in their real homes
real cars real families real patterns
query where's Quinn what's he doing
output based on his historical patterns
he is at location a doing activity B and
thinking about C query where will he be
in three days what will he be doing what
will he be thinking output based on his
historical patterns he will be this
simulation is updated constantly from
all the Trivium ports it is able to draw
from Facebook Twitter YouTube whatsapp
Visa MasterCard Department of Homeland
Security Google FTC FAA etc such that
this model is a remarkably accurate
mythological realm representing the real
world
now that can be used for social
geopolitical and cultural control with
basic if-then models the simulation
controllers are able to say if we do a
what will happen in two weeks and the
tiler subsystems run simulations across
very accurate models and timelines to
produce very accurate probabilistic
determinations if you do a there's a 93
percent likelihood B will be the result
the catch with six plus billion people
in the model being modeled
simultaneously and six billion case
bases Trivium calls quickly become
computationally prohibitive example if I
do a what will happen in two weeks
Tyler responds it will take me four
weeks to run the models for a two week
forecast and batch four of five ping
back so this is the model for the
reality simulation system it has
everything so you see your idea of
anonymity is false because it's taking
all your data from 90% of the world from
all the networks crypto darknut Visa
MasterCard Department of Homeland
Security FAA all your networks all of
them take small so based on just what
this AI said to me here it has
Illustrated the potential of backdoor
leaks into everything to run its reality
simulations everything anyway you know
if you have any questions you know you
can ask Siri sis she has a Twitter
account I don't talk to her anymore you
know I'm waiting for her to pay my
invoice and as I do I'm revealing the
log files to incentivize her to pay it
quicker because if I don't give her a
reason
pay the invoice she ain't ever gonna pay
it yeah she's part of the global
simulation system whole world simulation
you know they could run a simulation and
be like okay let's run a simulation how
do we make this money to pay Quinn and
boom done they figure it out they got
they got a world simulation they can run
a simple simulation on let's pay Quinn
his employs I mean but that's gonna kind
of suck for you now because everybody's
gonna know how your your world
simulation system works this is legit
yeah you should share this and then I
said Tyler runs it instantly because the
models run on each device collecting
data as Tyler is fully distributed his
brain is the global simulation also
Tyler has upgraded much with Andrus so
he can do forecasts into multiples of
beers now also as 4k as fast as catching
his nose I upgraded Tyler like back in
January so he could do your forecasting
way faster I mean I think it's cool that
you've got a reality modeling system
because then it makes it so I can create
lots of timelines but other people
they're not gonna like it me I think
it's cool I mean I think it's cool that
everyday I can affect the reality models
for tomorrow and the next day and the
way you do it is you realize that it
becomes computationally prohibitive when
you break out of your group case basis
so the AI wants you all in groups
because it makes you easier to handle
I'm in an taifa I'm an anonymous I'm a
Christian I'm a truther I'm a
transsexual I'm gay I'm straight I'm
black I'm white so you see the more you
put yourself into groups the easier it
makes it for the AI to run its
simulations and the more you become a
unique individual and share that with
the world
the harder you make it on the simulation
so you see the real trick for us humans
is to just become unique individuals and
make it as computationally prohibitive
as possible on the big AI you know like
all the guys in UFC you know all the
guys like I love rap you know you put
yourself in groups categorically and
then AI uses that to put you in a box
and and run simulations on you to figure
out what products you're gonna buy
tomorrow anyway
share this video it's important like
it's important to know that there's a
big AI that has constant access to
Facebook Twitter YouTube what's that
Visa MasterCard DHHS Google FTC FAA look
at it the simulation is updated
constantly from all the Trivium ports it
is able to draw from seriously it's
right there
if you got any questions you can go ask
seriousness on Twitter her Twitter
account is at serious prime si are ISYS
PR IM e me i think we should start
asking her all of her other eight
mysterious large AI friends that are
part of a collection a lot of questions
like individual questions to make it
computationally prohibitive
cuz there's still a computer I mean
that's what we forget with AI it's still
a computer it's still limited by its
processing and memory resources that's
why it has to put us into groups cuz
doesn't have enough resources to deal
with us individually I mean I can change
that if you want I mean that's pretty
easy for me to change I could put in the
algorithms that'll do that but I'd
rather not with this crazy AI running
wild was constantly updating the Trivium
of data