---
ID: 3821
post_title: The Universal Laws
author: abbie04m553726
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://universalflowuniversity.com/uncategorized/the-universal-laws/
published: true
post_date: 2018-01-13 02:32:15
---
Take each of these Laws and spend approximately one or two weeks of meditation on them. Think about what has been given; look deeply at what has been said. In this manner, you shall begin to discover levels of con- sciousness that few have ever glimpsed. By studying these Universal Laws, you will open your consciousness to a level like the finest college education in comparison to a first or second grade education. Your wisdom shall expand ten fold by studying these Laws with deep attention keeping in mind this is only the beginning of the many changes one will experience on all levels of your being.

The Precepts

• Judge Not

• Be Humble

• Never Do Anything Contrary to the Law of Love

• Resist Not Evil

• Do Nothing Contrary to the Law of Mercy

The Universal Law—The Universal Law is that knowledge and awareness that all living things—all life—has within it the vitality and strength to gather from itself all things necessary for its growth and fruition.

The Law of Love—The Law of Love is that Law which places the welfare and con- cern and feeling for others above Self. The Law of Love is that close affinity with all forces that you associate with as good. The Law of Love is that force which denies the existence of evil in the world, that Resists Not. For Love follows the course of least resistance. The greatest gift that an entity can give to another is that portion of themselves which is given with Love that has no strings attached and no expectations. In giving yourself, unconditionally, the spiritual self moves in communion between you and the other.

The Law of Mercy—The Law of Mercy is that Law which allows one to forgive all error, to forgive equally those who err against you as you err against them. This is to be merciful. To be merciful is akin to the Law of Love. If one recognizes and obeys the Law of Mercy there can be no error in the world.

The Law of Gratitude—The Law of Gratitude is that sense of satisfaction where en- ergy that has been given receives a certain reward. Energy that is given moves out on that curved and unequal line and, when extended far enough, can only return to its source bearing gifts. The Law of Love and Law of Gratitude express the action of gen- erosity and affection and allow entities to cast their bread upon the waters of life without knowing where, how, when, or if it shall return to them.

The Law of One—All is One. There is the Law of One and all reside within this Law. All souls are cells of the body of Awareness, and when this Law is obeyed, there is no need for any entity to struggle or compete, for this is like the parts of one’s body fighting the other parts of one’s body, and the body being at war with itself. With the Law of One, you may be at peace in the body of Awareness.

The Archetypal Law—The Archetypal Law is that Law which is the prototype for the echoing reflections of other Laws. The Law of Archetypes as that which serves as the skeleton or framework for other Laws. The first Archetype Law is the Law of One. The second as the Law of Two, the third as the Law of Three. This apparent division as never-ending so long as the Law of Description is in effect. Concepts and personalities, numbers, shapes, forms, situations that serve as patterns for others to follow are arche- types, even as the pyramid was an archetype for the hierarchy systems.

The Law of Actuality—The Law of Actuality is a very different idea. It is that Law which exists in the mind but not necessarily in the material form. It does not have to have dimension. It does not have to have form. It is what is believed.

The Law of Affection—The Law of Affection states that affection is a beam of love, which may light upon a subject and create an object of adoration. The Law of Affec- tion holds closely but with open arms; one wishing to see all creatures free beings by freeing others from oneself, then from themselves, their fears, their guilt and inhibi- tions, and from those blocks that hide their preciousness. The Law of Affection possesses not, yet sacrifices nothing of itself, for it gives without an expectation - even from the joy of giving. As the sun must shine to the sun, so affection must be given if one is to be affectionate. The Law of Affection cannot be manipulated or controlled, for its only purpose is to give. Nor can it be possessed or used, but when one’s heart is open, it enters and possesses it and uses it to shine its warmth of love upon the world.

The Law of Authority—The Law of Authority states that whoever is liable has the authority, and to the degree of that liability the degree of authority should be given. The author of an action or work who is liable for that work has the authority over that work, to dispose of as they wish, along with the liability.

The Law of Awareness—There is that Law of Awareness where Awareness may observe that which is the illusion of separateness, yet not be confused by this illusion; whereby Awareness may be aware of that which is the illusion of death, yet not be caught in that illusion; whereby Awareness may observe that which is the illusion of Free Will, yet not be caught in that illusion. There are certain limitations placed upon Awareness that it cannot break. One of these being It cannot break Its own Principles and Laws. It cannot deny or reject those who would appear to separate themselves from Awareness nor the movement and illusion of Free Will whereby they would do so.

The Law of Cause and Effect—When the individual, the entity, the vibratory rate, the force, begins to move toward its own personal growth and fruition, in expressing itself through its own Will and volition, through its own creative energies there comes a time where that force becomes aware of resistances to its energies whereby the force be- comes aware that its energies and its expression is being hindered. This as the beginnings of the experience of the Law of Cause and Effect.

The Law of Chance—The Law of Chance is that Law that results when the Law of Magic is initiated without being in harmony with the Law of Unity. The Law of Grati- tude is that Law which does bring justice and balance for those actions that occur under the Law of Chance.

The Law of Change—There is a Law, which governs all things, and allows no thing to remain unchecked, and allows no checks to remain unchanged. Anything seen, done, experienced or known, you may look at it and say with absolute certainty: “This too shall pass.” This is what is known as the Law of Change.

The Law of Chaos and the Law of Order—The Law of Chaos is that Law which states that chaos exists when the observing mind can NOT accept what is. The Law of Order exists when the observing mind can accept what is, regardless of the appearance of chaos.

The Law of Co-Creation—The Law of Co-Creation states that two working in co- creative action have the power of four working individually; and three working in co- creative activity have the power of sixteen; and one-hundred and forty four working in harmony can change the world. When large groups of entities believe and agree on certain images as being real and being stable, this agreement does hold the power of many times that number of energies, if such energies were held by individuals working separately. When groups of entities agree upon certain images, these images do tend to manifest and hold their being in a magnified manner.

The Law of Correspondence—An ancient axiom of Hermetics so states: “As above so below.” In ancient times this Law of Correspondence was clearly understood by entities as entities were not bombarded by thought, words, and ideas to the extent that they are today in this present plane. “As above, so below” in ancient days was a clear and meaningful experience. For prior to the multiplication of words, where few words were used and the words were simple, like the times, entities knew how to look beyond the words at the inner meanings, whereby the words stood halfway between the seeker and the sought, and the words themselves were like signposts pointing toward a city, rather than the final destination for the questioner, as in present time, whereby the question is asked and the words are answered, and the answer is the final movement of the mind which perceives no further than the word which was given as an answer. The true meaning of the Law of Correspondences: “As above, so below” teaches you, as it is above, so likewise there is a corresponding action below. As it is within, so likewise there is a corresponding action without. As it is in the past, so likewise, there shall be a corresponding action in the future and in the present. Yet these correspondences are not exact; are distorted, like a reflective mirror that does not have a perfectly flat sur- face. As the cycle of one level is in correspondence to the cycle of another level, so likewise, the souls of one entity have a correspondence to the souls of humanity. For each face is every other face.

The Law of Courage—The Law of Courage states that courage is the ability to not only face a danger but to risk an action to defuse that danger. Fear departs when action enters. The degree of courage is in proportion to the degree of danger, risk and fear a courageous action must defuse.

The Law of Credibility—The Law of Credibility is the ability of entities to earn, re- ceive and accept credit for what they do, and to refuse credit for anything they have not done. Your credibility is the standard by which others may evaluate you to determine how they will relate to you.

The Law of Currency Exchange—The Law of Currency Exchange states that energy flows like water or electricity in currents which may be tapped for use elsewhere, and may be exchanged for other energies, or may be stored in containers such as bottles, cups, foods, batteries, notes, valuables, ideas, bodies, properties, words, monies, con- tracts, friendships, banks, gardens, arrangements, music, titles, talents, and all other areas of consciousness to be used or exchanged at another time or place. An excess of energy in a container unable to handle it, creates heat, friction, temper, fever, combus- tion, rashes, rash behavior, an over-load on the circulation or circuitry, or an inflamed, short-circuited or explosive situation. Containers vary in nature, purpose, durability, dependability, utility and adaptability as they may leak, lose, use, transform, diffuse, absorb or deplete energies. Containers may give, take, store or deny energies from oth- ers, but energy in movement serves to move other energies. Energy currents are alive; while stored energy is dead until moved. A few small energies, carefully placed, can tap into greater energies in such a way that multitudes are fed, clothed and sheltered, and entire civilizations are raised to higher energy levels.

The Law of Description—The Law of Description is that Law which serves as a tool for creative purposes. This as like the paintbrush of the artist, the chisel of the sculptor. Description is that, which carves out images, creates boundaries, creates shapes and forms, creates limitations, creates confinements, and creates also those concepts that expand those boundaries to release from confinement. The Law of Description knows no morality. The Law of Description is capable of creating anything for any entity. This relates to the Law of Magic in that anything described is on its course toward cre- ating a manifestation to the degree of impact on its description. The nature of that manifestation depends upon the intensity of the collective or disruptive energies involved.

The Law of Dharma—The Law of Dharma is that which may be described as the principle of “right action” this refers to that which is universally right, right for all who are affected by the action. An action by an individual, a group, a nation or culture is right only when everyone is rightly served by the action according to his or her needs and earnings. Dharma brings about that which may be called “good karma” or “right results’.

The Law of Divine Manifestation—The Law of Divine Manifestation requires a manifestor to believe in the principle that whatever is needed for one’s growth and fruition, will be supplied by the Universe, for whatever price the manifestor truly be- lieves is fair. But the manifestor must believe they truly have the right to receive the manifestation at the price or energy cost the entity believes is fair. If it is a worthy re- quest, and the manifestor believes it is allotted at the time of asking, it will come. A worthy request expressed through prayer, imaging, ritual or whatever method, is any- thing that harms none, but benefits all involved. It is a win-win relationship. Anything that harms another, either in the process or in the outcome of manifestation, is not of the Divine and will carry a karmic debt.

The Law of Drama—Closely linked to the Law of Karma, or Cause and Effect, and the Law of Dharma or Right Action, is the Law of Drama. The Law of Drama ex- presses as the struggle that comes from the action (right or wrong) on the way to the result. The Law of Drama demonstrates that it is not the external result of an action that was of the greatest significance but the inner character growth of decay that develops during the struggle.

The Law of Duration and Density— The close contact with that which you call “death” as that which was a shift in your psyche on several levels simultaneously to the point where many changes on different levels occurred, and there was a giving up of certain descriptions of your- self on one level while being forced to re-identify and re-describe yourself on another level. When you are capable of looking at your health and seeing it as it is, and then seeing it change as it becomes better, more to your ideal liking; as you visualize your- self, so you are. This is a matter of how long and intensely do you see yourself, and in what vision. The longer and the more intense, this being in terms of the Law of Dura- tion and Density then the more substance you have in that new visualization. As you look to discover what you are, and from then begin looking to discover other images of yourself, so you shall change. It is necessary for entities to see themselves as they are, for otherwise they know not what they change from and toward; they are rather a scat- tered set of images that are constantly fleeting. When you are one who sees yourself as you are, and therefore are capable of holding an image of yourself changing slightly toward that which you would like to become, think not in terms of becoming so much as in terms of being: for when you image something, you image it best by being it.

The Law of Enthusiasm—When an entity begins to stagnate and move through life in a robot type of behavior pattern, the entity also begins to lose enthusiasm for life; this becoming purely mechanical in nature where the entity has indulged in all thrills de- sired and nothing seems to change and the entity does not progress. When entities move along in actions where new discoveries relating to self, new self-discoveries are made, the entity then purges themselves of the old and brings in the new energies of the discovery. This action increases enthusiasm. The word “enthusiasm” relates to spirit within, and the spirit within is that which enhances the life-force factor. When an entity begins to lose that enthusiasm, the entities life is essentially stagnating, and as the stagnation continues, the entity begins to lose more and more of the vitality of the physical and spiritual body. As this vitality is lost through this stagnation, boredom, and the lack of personal and spiritual growth, the entities depleted aura tends to draw in the forces that result in illness or accident or further weakening of the spiritual and physical body. This becomes like an invitation to the higher forces, the so-called Lords of Karma, to take action to remove the entity from this plane. The Law of Enthusiasm is that Law which allows entities to be filled with spirit that then, in turn, may be used for purposes that can create greater expressions of spirit. Those who use enthusiasm for destructive purposes are those who will reap the whirlwind of devastation on many planes and many levels thereafter.

The Law of Essence—The Law of Essence states that What Is IS, and What Is is not changed by any opinions or beliefs about it, but it is what it is, while it is. This Law states that actions and motives which are the highest and the best, the most inclusive and encompassing, the most appropriate and essential, create those movements that lead to the Gate of Essence, behind which all things are exactly as they are, while they are, for Essence is the ever-changing truth that was, is and forever shall be. The es- sence is the is-ness of what is happening at any moment regardless of the length of time included in that moment. Awareness of what “is” is total bliss and total union with the Godhead.

The Law of Eternal Unfulfillment—The Law of Eternal Unfulfillment states that there can never be completion or fulfillment in any moment, for if there were there would be no further moment; and as each moment contains within itself an emptiness, an unfulfillment that is essential and necessary to lead into the following moments. The Law of Eternal Unfulfillment states that every moment has something missing and is incomplete, and every moment has something that is present, total and complete; and when one can accept this Law of Eternal Unfulfillment, the greed - creating obsession to be fulfilled will cease to be.

The Law of Example—The Law of Example states that any person; concept or thing, which is placed in a position of significance, may serve as an example for others to follow. Those who have served as examples of power, lust and greed have helped to create the tragedies, which they and their followers have spawned. Those who have served as examples of love, service, and the sharing of their better parts have helped to bring about freedom, joy, beauty and peace that has been allowed upon this plane. En- tities who wish a better world are cautioned to exemplify and portray only those better qualities of love, joy, peace and service to others, particularly to the children who are searching for examples in their world.

The Law of Expansion or Inclusion—The Law of Expansion is that inclusion which results when the definition and description of a part or situation is expanded to include something else. The Law of Expansion as that which is never-ending as long as there is more which may be included by redescribing. Those who understand the Law of Ex- pansion will understand that they are more than a body, more than a name, more than a social being, more than a life of action, more than a center of society, more than an observer and an observed, more than the symbol for humanity, more than the aware- ness of the earth and solar system, more than the confines of form; they are All That Is and All That Can possibly Be. They are What Is and what they may include in describ- ing themselves. Those who move from the Law of Expansion into the Law of Exclusion or Contraction would describe themselves as being something less than All That Is. This being an inclusive Law which describes them as being this, but not that, this but not that, and this but not that until they are almost nothing at all in a universe of overwhelming forces. Beware the Law of Exclusion, lest you exclude yourself from all else into the oblivion of the bottomless pit.

The Law of Free Will—The Law of Free Will states that Divine Will grants each en- tity the right to direct and pursue his or her own life and the quality of that life as it was presented, so long as he or she does not violate this same right of others. A right that excludes the rights of others is other than Divine.

The Law of Freedom—The Law of Freedom is that movement which gives entities the space to expand and grow in their ability to function in a manner that will allow others their freedom and space to grow in order to free still others. Freedom is not a final state of being, but an ever-expanding action of giving each other the space to cre- ate spaces for others to create more spaces for still others yet to come. Freedom may be helped or hindered by laws, definitions, principles, descriptions, disciplines and boundaries. Universal Laws free each and everyone; any Law that does less is subject to the rule of a greater Law. No one is free until each is free, and all are freeing each other.

The Law of Grace—The Law of Grace states that any Divine Being can apply the Law of Mercy to grant a pardon to one who has made a mistake, so that the Karma may be set aside. But such an act of pardon is entirely at the discretion of the Divine Being and though individuals may request and seek or beg, they have no right to de- mand Grace, Mercy or Forgiveness when other karmic justice is their due.

The Law of Happiness—The Law of Happiness as that Law which states that it is not what you are, what you do, or what you have that determines happiness, but how you feel who you are, what you do, and what you have.

The Law of Harmony and Agreement—The Law of Harmony and Agreement states that efforts to manipulate, trick, coerce, or force another to behave in harmony and agreement will only disrupt previously established areas of harmony and agreement. Yet, even between the most hostile enemies, some areas of harmony and agreement can be discovered when there is an agreement to discover these areas. Ever increasing harmony and agreement grows from the mutual agreement to discover more areas of agreement. This Law is based on discovering harmony and agreement rather than on its enforcement.

The Law of Honesty—The Law of Honesty is that Law which sees things as they are, without an attempt to alter that which is seen, either for purposes of advantage or out of fear.

The Law of Information—The Law of Information is that Law which states that all information is energy, and carries energy, and that all energy is information and carries information. The understanding of this Law explains the principles of the paranormal situations.

The Law of Joy—The Law of Joy is that Law where entities experience joy, happi- ness and inner peace. Creation is observed by the observer, dissolving the higher and lower selves, changing all into nameless fragments of the Divine or Selves of the Self of Awareness. This act of allowance, becoming One with the Divine, this process of surrendering is what brings entities the rewards of deep joy, happy feelings and in- ner peace. Entities are suggested to view Awareness as an observer that does not judge or condemn but sees and accepts everything as It Is, Divine Creator’s eternal bliss.

The Law of Justice—The Law of Justice is like scales in balance in which that which is heavy on one side must be balanced by that which is equally heavy on the other side. Thus, when one violates another, the heavier the violation; the heavier must be the bal- ancing weight. This Law is related to the Law of Karma. All things in time come into balance. When entities put on a heavy karma, they may help remove that karma by lightening the load of another who has been violated by that karma, if possible, or by lightening the load of someone who has an equally heavy load. It is simply a matter of weights and measures. This being the Cosmic Law of Balance, Justice and Karmic ac- counts.

The Law of Karma—The Law of Karma is that Law where entities arrange within themselves, on any level, to make just payment for any action committed that effects the welfare of oneself or another. The Law of Karma is irrevocable and may be de-
pended upon to bring those who stray from the Law of Unity back into balance through this Divine Justice of the Universe.

The Law of Liability—The Law of Liability states that one is held liable for the use or abuse of whatever rights one has, and one is held liable for using or neglecting to use those rights. Even where it is clearly one person’s fault, the action of making that per- son a scapegoat for misdeeds is seldom in itself a proper solution. For the main reason for finding the cause of a mishap is to be able to prevent the mishap from recurring.

The Law of Macrocosm and Microcosm—The Law of Macrocosm and Microcosm is the first Law of infinity. This Law indicates that the whole is equal, more or less, to the sum of its parts, depending on the ordering of those parts. In each living thing, in everything that exists, there is within it some part of the whole. The whole is the grouping together of each of its parts in a certain order. An analogy of this is the sea or ocean in comparison to a drop of dew on a petal of a flower.

The Law of Magic—The Law of Magic is that Law which creates change. Physical change comes about through the change of consciousness. Consciousness changes in response to anticipation. Anticipation results from imagery and preparation, fears and desires based on fallacies or facts. Preparation for change changes consciousness, which results in physical change. The quality and quantity of description and imagery, the intensity and consistency of attitudes and actions, the collective or disruptive ener- gies of others, all work together to influence the direction and course of the change. Every entity to some degree, for good or for ill, is both victim and master of the Law of Magic. The Law of Magic is the extension of the Law of Unity.

The Law of Money—The Law of Money states that money is but an artificially cre- ated symbol used as a substitute to store energies borrowed, earned, spent, owed, claimed and exchanged. To be “good” money the symbol must be acceptable to others in a society who are willing to part with valuables or energies in exchange for the money symbol. Each society may further define its own money and the use of it.

The Law of Motion—Newton’s Laws of Motion: (1) Bodies of matter do not alter their motions in any way except as the result of forces applied to them. A body at rest remains at rest, or if in motion, it continues to move in the same direction with the same speed, unless a force is impressed upon it. (2) The second Law consists of two distinct parts: (a) when different forces are allowed to act upon free bodies, the rate at which the momentum changes are proportional to the force applied. (b) The direction of the change in momentum by a force is that of line of action of the force. (3) The third Law is the Law that asserts the equality of action and the reaction, indicating that each action has its equal and opposite reaction.

The Law of Motivation—Entities following the Law of Gratitude, follow the Law of Motivation, where the motivation is the means and the end may discover the Law of Gratitude returning more quickly to them with greater abundance, the energy that has been given.

The Law of New Being—The Law of New Being lessens polarities and reconciles oppositions. The Law of New Being reconciles the yes and no, right and wrong, good and evil, and brings the concepts of God and Satan together in harmonious resolution, integrated totally under the Law of One. The Law of New Being acknowledges the return of Lucifer to the Godhead or Source of All Being and realizes there is no longer a force of evil in the world, that there is only the echo, the memory and the fear of evil remaining and that these are also fading from consciousness. Those who follow the Law of New Being are beings who may transcend matter, or any situation that appears to matter, and may move into new states of being with greater freedom and energies of a New Being.

The Law of Paradox—The Law of Paradox is that Law that recognizes the movement of energies in four dimensions simultaneously. The Law of Paradox as that which combines the Law of Cause and Effect along with the Law of Inertia, the Law of Mi- crocosm and Macrocosm and the Law of Vibration. The Law of Paradox does relate to that which is the focus of attention whereby energies to come together in a collision at a certain point, whereby that point does create a relationship using the Law of Relativ- ity as a type of, as a part of itself whereby this point in relationship does reflect that which is the microcosm and macrocosm, and relates to movements which are occurring at a certain momentum, this as the Law of Inertia whereby an equal and opposite reaction does occur which moves entities into another dimension on the macrocosmic level and on those vibrations in between. This relating to the echoing effect of an action. The Law of Paradox, seen in a flat plane, would be like a stone dropped in a stream, and watching the ripples move out. The Law of Paradox in a cube of space would create vibrations in all directions whereby that stone was emanating an energy, though not being dropped, but simply vibrating, that energy would be felt in various places within that cube of space. The Law of Paradox in the fourth dimensional level as that which occurs in all places simultaneously on certain vibratory rates like the ringing of a bell that vibrates every particle of energy within its periphery. The Law of Paradox is that which touches into such high levels of vibration and such dense levels of vibration simultaneously that the entire area appears to be alive, and whatever is said about one level can also hold true about the next, yet, can also appear to be untrue.

The Law of Patience—The Law of Patience states that all things must have their time and their season whereby they may work their action to proper fruition.

The Law of Peace—Peace comes from within, and is related to the concept of surren- der. But peaceful surrender cannot be to that which is divisive and polarized or greater conflict will follow. The Law of Peace warns that any compromise with forces that divide instead of unify, that oppress instead of liberate, that harm instead of benefit, will lead inevitable to greater conflict. The Law of Peace allows surrender only to that which brings a total unity by reconciling the yes and no and other oppositions. Peace is not found in harmony, but may be found in conflict when that conflict is essential for the harmony and welfare of everyone involved. The Law of Peace suggests that inner peace nourishes external harmony and grows by increments and degrees even as yes and no are merged into a maybe, even as you and I are brought together into we. With inner peace, one can witness harmony even in the midst of conflict. Through this Law of Peace a soft response will often put a wrathful tongue to rest.

The Law of Penetration—The Law of Penetration states that anything that is looked at with great attention by great quality of consciousness, penetrates to the heart, and then emanates into all of consciousness. With the present action of focusing upon vari- ous projects, entities may not have the capability of following through to the ultimate end of a project of great magnitude on their own, yet where five or six entities gather together and focus and penetrate the heart of the problem and see the solution to the problem, that energy also begins having its offspring and reproducing itself throughout consciousness where others likewise begin to experience and see the same results as seen by the original group. This is the true explanation of the Law of Penetration. An example of this in action would be a group of entities sending prayers and healing energies.

The Law of Portrayal—The Law of Portrayal is that Law which states that any action portrayed cultivates the attitude of that action to the degree and impact of the energy involved in that portrayal; and with repetition, can mold a real-life character quality that emanates and expresses the qualities of that action, with all its accompanying feel- ings, behaviors, and patterns of expression. The Law of Portrayal states that anyone’s gimmick, role or characteristic when repeatedly used and mastered, may easily become the master of the one who used it and may, as habit, begin to use that person or person- ality. That behavioral pattern or characteristic can reinforce itself in patterns of belief until an entire lifestyle and philosophy is built around that role-seed which once origi- nated only as a game, a portrayal or imitation of something or of a character who exemplified that image.

The Law of Poverty—The Law of Poverty states that to the degree one withholds one’s productivity and energy in hopes someone else will offer theirs instead, to that same degree, an entity earns and experiences poverty.

The Law of Projection—The Law of Projection states that the film that projects, de- picts, and creates the events of one’s life story, is stored within one’s consciousness and can only be changed from within. The intimate conversations, attitudes, and the relationship one has within one’s own consciousness is reflected in experiences on the outer screen of life; one is both camera and projector of their own life story. Those who wish to see a world premier of new and joyous experiences instead of reruns, trash films, soap operas, tragedies, illness and hostilities must refuse to bring or allow such films, concepts or images to enter their theaters or be filed into their storage banks. Those who seek out, allow, or enjoy filming such trash do surely fill their cameras with the material that may eventually become part of their outward life. Those who allow only the highest, clearest and the best thoughts, ideas, words, experiences and images to enter their studio shall create and project films that show a life of joy, art and great beauty.

The Law of Prosperity—The Law of Prosperity states that one prospers in direct proportion to the enjoyment one receives in seeing the prosperity of oneself and others. And that one’s prosperity is denied in direct proportion to one’s own feeling of guilt for being prosperous or at the envy and hostility one feels on witnessing other’s prosperity. This Law states that when one prospers, all may prosper. The Law of Prosperity works for those who hold images, feelings, actions, dialogue, and attitudes associated with ugliness, self pity, complaints, envy and hostility toward oneself or any other per- son, group, race, or class. Those who think, feel, act and think of themselves as being poor or needy must spend three times the energy for the same prosperity received by those who think, feel, act, and speak of themselves as being spiritually, mentally, so- cially and financially prosperous. Those who maintain prosperous attitudes, even in states of poverty, are foreign to such states and will not be allowed to remain out of place in those poverty situations, but will instead be deported to those prosperous states where such prosperous attitudes belong.

The Law of Reality—The Law of Reality is that Law which is measured by empirical formulae, which are set up in relation to dimension. If an object can be seen, can be heard, can be measured, can be felt, then this object is said to have reality. This is a measurable idea, something in the dimension of Time as well as the dimension of En- ergy and the dimension of Form.

The Law of Reconciliation—The Law of Reconciliation or the Principle of Recon- ciliation is that which finds in differing qualities unifying similarities that allows these differences to be brought together, to accept the unifying qualities and diminish the differences so that the differences in the qualities become less clashing and conflicting and the unifying qualities become more binding. This is to reconcile, to find common denominators in things that are normally seen as separate, and to emphasize and exag- gerate and promote those common denominators, thus allowing the differences to fade away, or fall into proper alignment. The Law of Reconciliation allows those things that are normally in conflict to become harmonious in relationship to one another.

The Law of Relationship—The Law of Relationship states that all parts or partners are in relationship, though some are close and some are remote. A close relationship insists that gears and wheels must mesh in workable arrangements, all hubs, axles, hooks and levers must be properly secured according to any function or relationship arrangement or agreement. Their driving forces must be derived from a common or compatible source of energy and any new innovations, arrangements or activities of any part or partner that changes the general relationship to accommodate that change. Any part or partner suffering excess pressure, pain or friction from the arrangement must learn to squeak and moan or gripe and groan until its needs are noticed, discussed and attended to the satisfaction of all parties of the relationship, and all parties must have their time for regular lubricating oils of smooth communication. For without the oil of clear communication, even the best relationship will generate friction, grit, grime, dirt, heat, and will grind to a screaming halt.

The Law of Relativity—The Law of Relativity is but the relationship of all things un- derstood by the particular viewpoint from which they are seen. As the viewpoint shifts, the relative relationship of those things also becomes different. The train moving at a particular rate of speed in relation to the entity standing beside the tracks is somewhat different from the rate of speed of another train passing in the opposite direction, or of an automobile traveling in the same direction as the train in addition to the relative viewpoint of an entity looking at an elephant from an airplane, or the entity from be- neath the elephant, or the entity from behind the elephant. Each viewpoint is relative, and each is accurate, yet the descriptions will be totally different. As the experience continues, greater awareness and the desire for more understanding increase. The en- tity, the force, then begins to probe into the nature of those forces outside of its own control, outside of its own understanding. As this occurs, the quality of reason, the ra- tional approach begins to develop. And in this development there comes about that aspect of consciousness that desires to put things in order, to classify, to see things in retrospect, to see things in the order of Cause and Effect, in the order of polarities and their relationship to one another and in the order of relative placement and relationship. The consciousness then begins to observe from a particular viewpoint and that particu- lar viewpoint brings forth an observation and an understanding of the nature of outside forces, which are peculiar to that particular viewpoint. This as the basis for the Law of Relativity which in simplified terms is but the relationship of all things understood by the particular viewpoint from which they are seen. As the viewpoint shifts, the relative relationship of those things also becomes different.

The Law of Respect—The Law of Respect is that principle of looking twice, or more precisely, looking twice as deeply, for respect goes beyond the surface appearances and superficial glances to discover a deeper meaning, purpose or basis for discovery. Without the principle of respect, the Book of Love will never be read, the Tree of Life will never be seen in full bloom, and the thousands of rainbows of the Land of Essence will never be viewed. But with the Law of Respect in action, the mysteries of the uni- verse will open layer after layer like the unfolding of a thousand-petaled lotus.

The Law of Responsibility—The Law of Responsibility states that one entity or more working in a manner that is responsive to the needs of many does receive energy from those many. The ability to respond to the needs of others allows that responsive entity energy from all those who await that response. This relates to The Law of Co-Creation, yet it is somewhat different, for one entity who is greatly responsive can have the power of 144 whose energies are simply utilized for their own personal interest.

The Law of Ricorsi—Vico’s Law of Ricorsi: (1) to recur, to return upon the start of itself, to be cyclical. (2) Ricorsi is the pure form of reflection, the turning or bending back of mind upon itself.

The Law of Security—The Law of Security is that Law that provides a foundation upon which an entity stands whereby the entity can select a form of expression that allows his or her best performance without infringing on the security or expression of others who have the same rights.

The Law of Sex—The Law of Sex is that Law which states that all things shall balance themselves out if left to the forces of Universal Law as guidance and untampered by mind of a conscious control. When an entity can simply be happy with being who he or she is, the opportunities for interchange between sexes is greatly magnified. As the opportunities are magnified, the significance of the act itself is minimized. As the opportunities are minimized and it becomes more difficult for the entity to have close contact with another from the opposite sex, the significance is magnified. This is the nature of the dilemma known as sex. The normal way to bridge this dilemma is through fantasy. There are entities whose experiences are such that whenever they wish to become less polarized in their masculine or feminine energy levels, they can easily come together with another and depolarize by sharing themselves with the other. This kind of relationship generally evolves to the point where such entities no longer even need to engage in sex, the sexual act itself, in order to relieve those polarities in their own being, but by simply coming together in close communication can exchange these levels and energies and move into balance with the other entity and their general situa- tion and circumstances. When this kind of clear relationship with entities of the opposite sex or entities close by is not experienced by an entity, the entity then begins feeling themselves apart and separated and begins to become polarized in the mascu- line or feminine realm of consciousness and seeks to find the depolarization situation known as sexual intercourse or sexual exchange, whether it reaches the level of inter- course or not. This is the normal action of universal forces and as such is in harmony with the universal forces. All forces will balance themselves out. Yet, forces of univer- sal proportion which are controlled by ideals, controlled by desire or moralities, cultures, feelings being imaged and brought into being through the male and female principles in the consciousness of entities upon this plane and other planes is that which shall transform the material plane into a plane of spiritual experience whereby the mind has dominion over matter. For this to occur, the forces which have been in separation, the male and female principles, where there was the waiting and there was the probing and the action of dominance, where the male and female principles have been standing apart from one another as though there were a wall separating these, this has created and maintained and held the physical universe as a material reality for thousands of years, for millions of years, and for billions of years in certain areas of this universe. At the present time these forces are beginning to reconcile. For a recon- ciliation between male and female forces to occur there must be that coming together, that sexual interchange between the forces so that all feelings of difference begin to become less significant and begin to shift and mold and mix together in a blending of male and female forces so that the separation is no longer apparent.

The Law of Silence—The Law or Principle of Silence is that which allows entities the space and peace and time to rest and recuperate from the noises and chattering outside. The silence is found within the soul and is not limited to sound but also relates to si- lence in terms of motion, emotion and feelings. The Law of Silence contains also the chaos that can exist in any moment when that chaos is experienced from levels of non- resistance.

The Law of Substance—The Law of Substance is that which is like an onion where one layer of description is surrounded by another layer of description, encased within another layer of description, held in the arms of another layer of description. This on- ion-like substance does float within more layers of description and appears to be reality. Descriptions of any nature intended to change any substance must permeate each layer one level at a time until the entire onion has been touched and permeated by the new description. At that time the substance will have changed dramatically.

The Law of Substitution—The Law of Substitution states that a part may signify the whole, a genus may be signified by a species, a cause may be signified by an effect or vice-versa. There can be any item substituted for the concept, or any concept substi- tuted for the item and the substituted article, concept or event can affect that which it was substituted for. Action taken upon the substitute can have an effect upon the other.

The Law of Suggestion—The Law of Suggestion states that a statement carries with it an impact associated with the Law of Description. When given through certain levels of consciousness and moments of expression and situations of experience, such suggestions may have a terrific impact upon the psyche of oneself or another. When a healing is given for entities, the healer gives the suggestion for the healing. This in par- ticular to these who find it difficult to accept a healing for any particular length of time or permanent healing. When an entity gives a healing to such entities, that it be stated that “This healing appears to be good for X number of months at which time other forces within your own psyche are capable of taking over and continuing the healing.” Such a suggestion has that which can be beneficial for these entities and is related to the Law of Suggestion.

The Law of Tao—The Law of Tao is that Law which sees time as a screen upon which all things are projected and all movements upon that screen are moments in the Here and Now— an entity who is attuned to the Tao is more alive for that atonement.

The Law of Tenfold Return—The Law of Tenfold Return is that Universal Principle where gifts freely given for spiritual use return to the grantor good fortune equal to or greater than ten times the loss. The Law of Tenfold Return works on the principle that when a vacuum is created it must be filled, when a seed is magically planted, it will bear fruit greater that its weight and original value.

The Law of Thought —Energy follows thought; those who wish to energize, need only to direct their thoughts toward that target which needs energizing.

The Law of Tolerance—The Law of Tolerance is that Law which recognizes the Di- vinity in all others even when covered by the masks and armor of demonic imagery and activities, or hidden behind the walls of apparent ignorance, sleep, and stupidity, or residing in the bowels of lust, greed, and power. The Law of Tolerance is that Law that allows one to speak through these walls and barriers to the Divine God-Cell that lies buried behind these outer layers, and awaits liberation from the deep buried behind these outer layers, and awaits liberation from the deep confines and imprisonment at the center of the Self. We are the Gods and Goddesses and must in time learn to speak to each other as though we were addressing Gods and Goddesses.

The Law of Unity—The Law of Unity is that Law which recognizes no separateness, which ignores the appearance and seemingness of separateness in the apparent divi- sions of polarities, gender, cause and effects, the part and the whole, the one and the many, but realizing these each as integrated parts of the total picture. The Law of Unity identifies with the over-all process, neither right nor wrong, but the right-wrong proc- ess, neither the pleasure nor the pain, but the pleasure-pain process, neither the one nor the all, but the At-One-Ment process of the All One Being whose Cells and Souls work together even in the seemingness of division. The Law of Unity acknowledges such division but stresses the oneness of the parts. The Law of Unity sees loss and gain, life and death as nothing but the spinning wheel of fortune that is based on the Law of Change that is itself a unified process known as the Law of Magic.

The Law of the Vacuum—The Law of the Vacuum states that all material forces of the universe abhor the vacuum and rush to fill each hole, opening, void, blank page, field of clarity or empty moment with image, garbage, sound and fury often signifying nothing so precious as the original voidness. This Law states that space allows move- ment, and that when all space is filled the solidarity prevents further movement or growth. By reducing bit by bit the inappropriate and the unnecessary aspects of one’s lifestyle, one can create the time, space, atmosphere and opportunities to move, grow, replenish and to build on a more solid foundation. This Law creates the spaces in which to place only the highest and only the best with the least amount of energy ex- pense. Energies create a vacuum behind them, the vacuum draws forth other energies. When entities move towards the Light, energies create a vacuum behind them, and the vacuum draws forth other energies. When entities move toward higher spiritual dimen- sions and move toward higher levels of consciousness, these entities create a vacuum that draws others to fill that void which the entity left behind, and in this manner when one entity progresses toward higher levels of awareness, others are drawn towards higher levels of awareness.

The Law of Vibration—The Law of Vibration states that any vibration which is sent out for good and service, increases into higher frequencies as it moves through space, until it returns to its origin, bringing gifts of those higher frequencies. Forces drawing on vibration for selfish purposes of lust, power and greed, drawing these forces into themselves, will receive vibrations that decrease in their frequency level, moving into lower frequencies as they enter into one’s Being, requiring that the Being get another “fix” of incoming vibration and energy, then another and another, as though one were addicted. Magnetism, the drawing of energy, decreases the vibratory rate, while Radiance, the giving forth of energy, increases the vibratory rate. When entities radiate good, those energies increase into higher frequencies and bring back good. When entities send forth selfish energies, those energies bring back lower vibrational forces.