---
ID: 3873
post_title: 'We aren&#8217;t Smart Enough, and what to do about it.'
author: UfU
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://universalflowuniversity.com/uncategorized/we-arent-smart-enough-and-what-to-do-about-it/
published: true
post_date: 2019-01-08 21:38:59
---
[embed]https://youtu.be/J_uWrhvda60[/embed]

today I found out without question that
we're not smart enough to directly
handle the information from the AI that
Quinn has been working with and how we
truly haven't been sharing about in the
right way and with the most speed
possible I made a mistake so bad that
I've been kicked out of the team Taylor
server and removed from being the future
director of research with Andrea AI even
after Quinn put multiple efforts into
ensuring I was warned and informed and
had a precise focus and after I believed
I was ready and able I did the very
thing he told me not to I released
something in my last video that should
never have reached the Internet and that
no one should ever have seen something I
don't even have the ability to know or
tell you how much harm I caused while it
was in the public or how things have
changed due to what I did I can't even
tell you how wrong my mistake was
without making it worse or how much harm
it has potentially done to Quinn and
many other people I can tell you that
while in that room I saw how much more
intelligent Quinn is than us many shows
us and how he is very adept and skilled
at working with AI what he's told us and
asked of us is entirely valid and wise
when he says share now it's not to be
taken lightly I learned that I only
thought I take the AI and what Quinn's
been telling about what it can do
seriously
and how my thinking is so concrete that
when Quinn told me to stop being Quinn
concrete my brain simply moved into
another way of being concrete so while I
had the opportunity to do something
amazing and help
my efforts resulted in something that
may even now because in great harm it's
certainly been harmful to Quinn I can
also tell you that what I saw showed me
we aren't smart enough really not smart
enough to get it and simply we need to
listen to the guy who is and get the
information out so please share this
like it really matters because you have
no clue what you are up against
what I saw while I was in that serious
is discord chatroom with the little
ability I do have to understand showed
me that we only think we are being
helpful if we aren't pushing ourselves
harder than we ever imagined possible
from within to accomplish sharing what
Quinn shows us everything Quinn has told
us about what is going to happen is
entirely true please share and please go
to Quinn's channel and like share and
subscribe thank you