---
ID: 4098
post_title: Epitalon
author: UfU
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  https://universalflowuniversity.com/ufu/epitalon/
published: true
post_date: 2019-01-09 00:48:07
---
[embed]https://youtu.be/k7PZsaSg4MA[/embed]
hello YouTube it's Sam Ridgeway with
live like a Viking common today I am
extremely happy why is that because one
we just passed 4000 subscribers so a big
shout-out to everybody subscribed and
everyone that supports the channel I
sincerely appreciate your support - its
carb day I only get carbs every fourth
day today happens to be that day I might
be a little sweating for all you haters
out there it is not because I'm about to
die okay it's because I eat 18 eggs a
day 9 in the morning and 9 at night and
with those eggs I put in jalapenos
copious amounts of Tabasco
I put as hot a sauce on top that I
possibly can and when I'm finished with
that 9 egg omelette I am sweating so I
am I think a Mexican Viking so let's
just put that out there now you're here
because of some I'm telling you today
you are gonna be absolutely amazed so I
know you're gonna want to you're gonna
stay with me and at the end of this
you're probably gonna want to call me
Paul say de Leon because I am bringing
you the Fountain of Youth so let's get
you it now normally I don't read shit I
just like I memorize it and I tell you
what it is right but today there's so
much information that I feel like I have
to read it real little and I have to put
on the old man glasses or else I can't
see shit alright and that's the way that
we are so what we're talking about today
is at the Talon okay
epic Talon the this is just stay with me
now what is it normally I don't really
go into the scientific stuff because
nobody really gives a shit but today I
think that it's important to give kind
of a backlog on what this is so it's a
synthetic version of the polypeptide
epithalamus
which is produced normally by our body
so we normally produce this in very
small quantities it was discovered in
the late 1980s by a Russian scientist
named Vladimir cabin s'en ok and one of
the things it does is regulates the
metabolism of the pineal gland
now the pineal glands often referred to
as the third eye because it was
mysteriously thought of as the part of
the brain that connects the
chuckle world to the spiritual world
alright but now all that voodoo talk
aside the pineal gland controls a very
the various bio rhythms of the body and
works with the hypothalamus gland okay
which directs the body's thirst hunger
sexual desire and this is the important
part the biological clock that
determines our aging process okay so if
I'm claiming that this is the Fountain
of Youth that must mean things have
lived longer correct yes let's go
through the trials so why can it make us
live longer first of all in the animal
trials the initial tests of epital and
made fruit flies live 11 to 16 percent
longer obviously that's at the very
beginning we're just doing to do in
fruit flies all right then mice lived 24
percent longer it improved immunity to
diseases in rats and then it produced
anti carcinogenic effects so basically
it prevents cancer it stimulates
antioxidant defenses which of course
that eradicate free radicals and the
shit that gets us sick and it restored
reproductive function in old rats so old
rats apparently became dirty young rats
alright that's good now okay fine rats
mice fruit flies what's that got to do
with me well let's keep going so in
humans it did everything that it did in
the animal trials and it increased the
length of our telomeres now why is that
important - because telomeres protect
the end of our chromosomes from sticking
together
they're like protective caps it's like
the little plastic thing on shoelaces it
keeps them from from degrading faster
and make sure that they don't stick
together so everything gets all jumbled
up okay and as cells carry out DNA
replication the chromosomes are
shortened they get smaller it's like
when you make a copy of a copy of a copy
that 10th copy is a pretty shitty copy
right because it's copy of a copy of
carbon copy okay that's important so
your telomeres get too short the cell
dies because if we can't replicate
anymore the copy is so bad that it
cannot replicate in the cell dies now
that effectively this effectively shows
how old your body really
is so that's the length of your telomers
show so there's like a service it's
called what the hell's it called telling
years and you can subscribe you know get
a kid in like like 23andme and that kind
of thing and it'll actually tell you how
long your telomeres are and how long the
telomeres are that's how old you really
are I don't care if you're thirty years
old your telomers say you're sixty your
ass is sixty okay
so um you can also help shorten the
length of your telomeres by doing stupid
shit like smoking getting fat you know
stuff that's bad for you so epic how it
actually increases the length of those
telomeres which in turn gives us many
more replications before they die which
effectively and absolutely makes us
younger okay so there was a 12-year
study in older people twelve years and
this was a human trial now not only did
epital on restore the cognitive
abilities of the elderly it regulated
their cholesterol and it improved their
immune system but allegedly according to
the study it gave them seven additional
years of healthier life they lived seven
more years than the people that didn't
take this the control group okay so I
mean seriously okay so there's a service
like I said called telomeres again like
23andme ancestry.com that sort of thing
but it tells you how old you are by
measuring the length of your telomers so
here's a guy that used a service for
tell years he set a sample in before he
started epital
and he got a sample again after eight
months of dosing up a talent okay so as
you can see I'll put up on the screen he
originally was 53 year old years old and
his telomers said he was 56 not a good
sign right
so eight months later after he took
three cycles of up a talent in which he
did ten milligrams a day for ten days
then he took one month off in between
then he did another test okay he was 54
years old at that point in time and his
telomers came back with the same teller
years came back
and said he was 37 now tell me that's
not remarkable okay so now many of you
know me and you know how I do stuff so
you know where my telly years packages
yes it is in transit to my house right
now
I will be doing the test I will be
sending it in and even though this is
research chemical and I do not recommend
that you do any of that shit I don't
know I'm gonna see what it does okay
that's just just me why because they're
even better there's no negative effects
to epital on nothing has been shown as a
negative with this thing nothing okay
so always do your research but this
compounds been around since the late
1980s it's shown numerous benefits and
animal trials and human trials
it's also it also has no known side
effects okay and while the human studies
showed epic talent increased life
expectancy it should be mentioned that
this control group stopped taking it now
nothing says you have to stop taking it
so the question is how long do you think
you could live if you continued to bring
epital on into your medicinal protocol
right okay so you know here's kind of
the weird thing - a lot of times I look
at these peptides and like this guy
dosed what 10 milligrams a day wouldn't
10 milligrams a day for for 10 days
right and and they sell them in like two
milligram vials in two milligram that's
how they come so you would need five
vials a day for 10 days you would need
50 vials now that's from like pure Oz I
mean who's gonna buy 50 vials that's
just crazy
now I have seen from other places where
you can get a hundred milligrams of epic
talent okay you know that makes more
sense right
so you just don't know whether it's fake
or not because there's so much fake shit
going around but anyway I want to hear
anybody have a problem with this one and
that's about it now you know questions
comments suggestions put them below and
remember you are never too old to live
like a Viking until next time peace
[Music]
you